docs: Add environment documentation link and description (#23330)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: UPGRADING.md

Reviewer: While the environment link addition is most welcome, please revert all the deletion you've done lower

### Depinject `app_config.go` / `app.yml`

With the introduction of [environment in modules](#core-api), depinject automatically creates the environment for all modules.

> Learn more about environment in the [core/appmodule/v2/environment.go](core/appmodule/v2/environment.go) file. The Environment struct provides essential services to modules including logging, event handling, gas metering, header access, routing, and both KV and memory store services. Given the fields of environment, this means runtime creates a kv store service for all modules by default. It can happen that some modules do not have a store necessary (such as `x/auth/tx` for instance). In this case, the store creation should be skipped in `app_config.go`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'Environment struct provides essential services](https://docs.cosmos.network/main/learn/advanced/core#environment) to modules including logging, event handling, gas metering, header access, routing, and both KV and memory store services. Given the fields of environment, this means runtime creates a kv store service for all modules by default. It can happen that some modules do not have a store necessary (such as `x/auth/tx` for instance). In this case, the store creation should be skipped in `app_config.go`:
```
